Support to open pull request to another repo (#70)
vsoch/pull-request-action: README.md

| Name | Description | Required | Default |
|------|-------------|----------|---------|
| BRANCH_PREFIX | the prefix to filter to. If the branch doesn't start with the prefix, it will be ignored | false | "" |
| PULL_REQUEST_REPOSITORY | Choose another repository instead of default GITHUB_REPOSITORY for the PR  | false | |

> | PULL_REQUEST_TOKEN | [Personal Access Token(PAT)](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) for PULL_REQUEST_REPOSITORY | false | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PULL_REQUEST_TOKEN | [Personal Access Token(PAT)](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token) only if you define a different repository with PULL_REQUEST_REPOSITORY | false | |
```

The `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret is required to interact and authenticate with the GitHub API to open

> the pull request. The example is [deployed here](https://github.com/vsoch/pull-request-action-example) with an example opened (and merged) [pull request here](https://github.com/vsoch/pull-request-action-example/pull/1) if needed.

Reviewer: @mszhanyi I'm wondering if there is a way to make this less complicated. E.g., the user still could use the GITHUB_TOKEN variable defined in secrets to be a PAT? Are there cases when both would be wanted so this wouldn't work?

And the same question for `GITHUB_REPOSITORY`. Is there a way to not have two variables for the "same" thing?

Author: According to https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/environment-variables#naming-conventions-for-environment-variables , It looks it's not necessary to define GITHUB_XXX.
